looking at like two careers workday change significantly as I got more
and more senior well let's start off with the military career I started
out as a junior listed mail order everything I was doing was being
somebody else told me he should go here go there to be there then
do this and just so I just had to follow orders get about and the
first two years of my time in the marine corps were spent in schools
one kind or another so it's mainly just studying and eating and enjoying
life my year in Vietnam I was on watch standing which means for
eight hours every day of the week seven days a week I wasn't doing
my linguistic duties and that was a different way to get through life
when I got into the reserves in the military I start out again as
a mid level in the person basically just taking training a life but
then as I became an officer of the keyboard more someone who had organized
and more Morgan who someone who had a right so I spent a lot
of my time writing up players ready valuations writing up proposals
training and getting ready for inspections and so my day buried as
I got more and more senior to appoint right got where it was just almost
always writing evaluations and running meetings of the only things
I did by the time I got out in civilian life same kind of trend
my day started out doing more technical things but then more and more
got to be doing writing and playing visioning talking as as I went
along silly day has changed in both cases